feat: distributed replicas across different hosts (#5217)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/executor/executor-serve.md

* Run the static {meth}`~jina.serve.executors.BaseExecutor.to_kubernetes_yaml()` method to generate K8s deployment configuration files
* Run the static {meth}`~jina.serve.executors.BaseExecutor.to_docker_compose_yaml()` method to generate a Docker Compose service file

````{admonition} Served vs. shared Executor
:class: hint

In Jina there are two ways of running standalone Executors: *Served Executors* and *shared Executors*.

> - A **served Executor** is launched by one of the methods described here (`.serve()`, `to_kubernetes_yaml()`, or `to_docker_compose_yaml()`).

Reviewer: are you trying to reference a link ?

Author: no

Reviewer: okay
```suggestion
- A **served Executor** is launched by one of the following methods: `.serve()`, `to_kubernetes_yaml()`, or `to_docker_compose_yaml()`.
```

> It resides behind a {ref}`Gateway <architecture-overview>` and can thus be directly accessed by a {ref}`Client <client>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It resides behind a {ref}`Gateway <architecture-overview>` and thus, can be directly accessed by a {ref}`Client <client>`.
```

It can also be used as part of a Flow.

- A **shared Executor** is launched using the [Jina CLI](../cli/index.rst) and does *not* sit behind a Gateway.
It is intended to be used in one or more Flows.

> Because a shared Executor does not reside behid a Gataway, it can not be directly accessed by a Client, but it requires

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because a shared Executor does not reside behind a Gataway, it cannot be directly accessed by a Client, but it requires
```
